Create resource-consumption.md (#242)
kubecost/docs: resource-consumption.md

## On Secondaries: Disabling Cloud Assets and Running Kubecost in Agent Mode/With ETL and caching disabled
* Cloud Assets for all accounts can be pulled in on just primaries by pointing kubecost to one or more management accounts.
* Secondaries can be configured strictly as metric emitters to save memory. 
* Learn more about how to best configure secondaries here: https://guide.kubecost.com/hc/en-us/articles/4423256582551-Kubecost-Secondary-Clusters

## Exclude Provider IDs in Cloud Assets
* Kubecost is capable of tracking each individual cloud billing line item; however on certain accounts this can be quite large.
* (AWS Only, GCP/Azure coming soon) If this is excluded, we don't cache granular data; instead we cache aggregate data and make an ad-hoc query to the cost and usage report to get granular data resulting in slow load times but less memory consumption.
* Learn more about how to configure this here: https://github.com/kubecost/docs/blob/main/cloud-integration.md#cloud-assets

## Lower Query Concurrency
* Lowering query concurrency for the Kubecost ETL build will mean ETL takes longer to build but lower memory consumption
* The default is 5

> * This can be tuned with eg "--set kubecostModel.maxQueryConcurrency 1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This can be tuned with the Helm value `kubecostModel.maxQueryConcurrency`, e.g. `--set kubecostModel.maxQueryConcurrency 1`
```

## Lower Query Resolution
* Lowering query resolution will reduce memory consumption but will cause short running pods to be sampled and rounded to the nearest interval for their runtimes
* The default is 300s

> * This can be tuned with eg "--set kubecostModel.etlResolutionSeconds 600"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This can be tuned with the Helm value `kubecostModel.etlResolutionSeconds`, e.g. `--set kubecostModel.etlResolutionSeconds 600`
```

> ## Lower Scrape Interval

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Longer Scrape Interval
```

Reviewer: Trying to remove ambiguity -- I think "increase" also works here but could be misinterpreted.

> * Fewer data points scraped from prometheus means less data to collect and store, at the cost of Kubecost making estimations or possibly missing spikes of usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fewer data points scraped from Prometheus means less data to collect and store, at the cost of Kubecost making estimations or possibly missing spikes of usage.
```

Reviewer: Is "making estimations" accurate? My understanding is that (1) missing spikes and (2) missing short-running workloads entirely are the main concerns with longer scrape intervals.

* The default is 60s

> * This can be tuned here: https://github.com/kubecost/cost-analyzer-helm-chart/blob/develop/cost-analyzer/values.yaml#L389

Reviewer: This should either be a permalink (to a commit hash, not blob/develop) or a specific Helm value called out like in the other sections.

## Disable or stop scraping node exporter
* node-exporter is optional. Some health alerts will be disabled if node-exporter is disabled, but savings recommendations and core cost allocation will function as normal

> * This can be disabled with eg "--set prometheus.server.nodeExporter.enabled false"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This can be disabled with the Helm value `prometheus.server.nodeExporter.enabled`,  e.g. `--set prometheus.server.nodeExporter.enabled false`
```

## Enable Filestore

> * Filestore is an improvement over our legacy in-memory ETL store of prometheus data. It was optional in versions up to v1.94.0, but will become the default there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Filestore is an improvement over our legacy in-memory ETL store of Prometheus data. It was optional in versions up to v1.94.0, but will become the default afterward.
```

> * This can be enabled on older versions with eg "--set kubecostModel.etlFileStoreEnabled true" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This can be enabled on older versions with the Helm value `kubecostModel.etlFileStoreEnabled`, e.g. `--set kubecostModel.etlFileStoreEnabled true`
```
